---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2F8BF7D72D-AAB3-4D46-AFF9-BD3FB746D423.png?alt=media&token=be0800bb-8fd4-4152-b60f-2e76d31d4d34
links:
- url: https://open.spotify.com/artist/5mse6hwiW0xtsv1XCPN4sU
---
Handsome Tiger, an Anishinaabe Métis and North African music producer/DJ hailing from Turtle Island and currently based in Vancouver, BC, blends traditional sounds from his heritage with other Indigenous and contemporary electronic bass music. A familiar face in the West Coast music community, Handsome Tiger has performed at numerous shows and amassed a collection of releases. With a passion for bass music, he actively supports and contributes to Vancouver's underground scene and has gained popularity in the North American festival circuit, appearing at events such as Bass Coast, Shambhala, Envision, Lightning in a Bottle, Texas Eclipse, Mutek, and more. His DJ sets fuse various flavors of sound system culture and global bass sounds, igniting dance floors wherever he performs.
 (extended) Handsome Tiger has graced the stage alongside a diverse array of artists, including EarthGang, DJ Shub, Snotty Nose Rez Kids, Ky-Mani Marley, Sister Nancy, The Librarian, DJ MADD, TMSV, Madam X, D Double E, Lady Chann, Hypho, Distinct Motive, and Lighta! Sound.
( Bio Producer / DJ + Sound Design ) Handsome Tiger, an Anishinaabe Métis and North African music producer/DJ from Turtle Island, calls Vancouver, BC, home. His unique productions seamlessly blend traditional sounds from his cultural heritage with other Indigenous influences, creating a contemporary fusion within the electronic bass music scene. In addition to his work as a performer and DJ, he is also involved in composing and sound design for film and private commissions. In 2020, Handsome Tiger embarked on a collaboration with Nagamo Publishing, a curated music database featuring original compositions by Indigenous composers. This partnership has provided him with access to traditional Indigenous vocal and drum sounds, enriching his music production across various platforms.
 LINKS : handsometiger.com soundcloud.com/handsometiger handsometiger.bandcamp.com instagram.com/handsome.tiger facebook.com/HandsomeTigerMusic
EPK @ https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xDw2GEFgROwmOJxtDCPzlpsb6YWHMnez