---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2F5B78E76F-09F5-4900-88AE-AF4FAD14297B.png?alt=media&token=66640477-9105-4165-9a19-545976fd9379
links:
- url: https://soundcloud.com/qdupmusic
- url: https://www.daniomanagement.com/qdup
- url: https://www.youtube.com/user/QdupMusic
- url: https://www.facebook.com/QdupMusic
---
Jason Brown is Qdup, and has been making dance floors groove and butts move worldwide for a decade. Over the years, Qdup has released top selling tunes and remixes on many well received labels including Bombstrikes, Fort Knox Recordings, Bombastic Jam, Goodgroove, Air, ESL Music, Royal Soul, Boxon Records, MustBeat and his own Qdup Records imprint.
Qdup has had a steady string of acclaimed original singles released with Washington, DC’s own Fort Knox Recordings since 2013. The Let’s Go EP earned a nomination for a Washington Area Music Award for best Hip Hop Recording with the title track “Let’s Go” featuring fellow DC resident MC Flex Mathews. The Warp9 remix of “Electro Funk Boogie” from his follow up Lone Star EP garnered “Breaks Tune of The Month” in the October 2014 print issue of Mixmag. Tracks from Lone Star EP and this years “Bodyrock” single found success in Beatport’s Top Glitch Hop and Top Funk & R&B genre sales charts along with success on Juno Download and other top digital music retailers. Many dance floor focused artists have also commissioned Qdup to officially remix their music including Fort Knox Five, DJ Love, Thunderball, Basement Freaks, All Good Funk Alliance, Trotter, See-I, Omegaman, Thomas Blondet and Ursula1000 to name a few. Also known for his party mashing exclusive edits and re-rubs, Qdup has gained a following via some of the webs hottest blogs, dropping secret weapon DJ tunes to the masses as free downloads.
Qdup broke out as a DJ on North America’s festival scene from 20012-16 including memorable sets at Shambhala Music Festival (Salmo, BC), Firefly Fest (DE, USA), Art Outside (TX, USA), Gathering of the Vibes (Ct, USA), BassCoast (Merritt, Canada), Boogaloo (CA, USA) and P.E.X. (MD, USA). Late 2015 to 2016 saw Qdup joined forces with longtime collaborator and label mate Steve Raskin of Fort Knox Five in a steady string of gigs performing their unique Four Deck Set. They’ve had a busy schedule with tours up on both coasts of the states, Colorado and Montana & have also frequented Canada’s west coast BC and Alberta. Their touring included a festival run with Canadian favorite’s Shambhala (Salmo, Canada) & BassCoast (Merritt, Canada) and adding events like Sonic Bloom (CO), Northern Nights (CA, USA) and Burning Man (NV, USA).
When Qdup is not on tour, he’s a regular DJ at DC hot spots Eighteenth Street Lounge, U-Street Music hall and Tropicalia where he along with Fort Knox Five have held their residency Sao Funky Saturdays for the past 4 years running. Qdup has also made the official promotional mix tapes 3 years running for The DC Funk Parade since it’s inception further solidifying himself as one of DC’s most sought after party rockers.
As an established tastemaker, Qdup was a contributor to the UK based Ghetto Funk blog and has produced several tracks on their Icons series remix albums. With additional releases upcoming on Fort Knox Recordings, new tunes, remixes & projects in the works, it’s lining up to be the best year yet for Qdup.