---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2F36883B0C-CA6D-415C-90D7-8CECA99584DE.png?alt=media&token=47d1f9e7-dcbb-43dc-bb7e-b2cf0996db3c
links:
- url: https://open.spotify.com/artist/67b5TsLqAzMdmtWZCy2k7D?si=dDJ_LZATQmGNE2woT26N8g
- url: https://www.youtube.com/@WrazDubs
---
Wraz is a Canadian producer & DJ from the Montreal area in QC. His sound goes into the deep & dark side of Dubstep, Grime, Drum & Bass and Halftime, with fat analog synths, mythical melodies and unstoppable flow on the drums. With releases on Deep Dark & Dangerous, Artikal Music, 4NCY/Darkmode, Duploc, and other labels across the globe, he's been very consistently pumping out new music, his tunes bringing the energy to the dancefloor and going in harmony with the sound system. Get ready for some heat!
Wraz has been making a lot of waves all over North-America and even in the UK recently, with shows in London, Bristol, Los Angeles, Denver, Minneapolis, Miami, New York, Montreal, Chicago, Vancouver, Toronto & more. His collaborations with many UK rappers and MCs (PAV4N, Strategy, Snowy, Fugzii, Magugu, Illaman) shows the link between his style and the UK dubstep/140 scene, making a perfect blend with his sound. All of his releases have been making a big impact in the Dubstep scene, being played and supported by the likes of Mala, Coki, GWN, Caspa, Boogie T, JKenzo and many more people repping the Wraz sound.
The Canadian artist could be seen in a lot of festivals last summer such has Shambhala 2023, Lightning in a Bottle 2023, Sound Haven 2023, Wicked Woods 2023 and many more. In the past few years he also played Shambhala 2022, Infrasound 2022, Future Forest 2022, Origins 2021, Valhalla Sound Circus 2019, Future Forest 2019 & more.
Wraz has not only been very active on the web by releasing music (singles, EPs and one full album), but also by doing a lot of livestreams. He participated at 4 of the legendary Deep Dark & Dangerous Quarantine Sessions, with over 2.6k live viewers during his sets. He also has a weekly show on Twitch called Gunfingaz Thursdays alongside Substance where they receive a ton of support, having formed a great community from all around the world. They also invite top tier producers & Djs to come play every week with them (some of the past guests : Ternion Sound, The Widdler, Infekt, Distinct Motive, Mesck & Woven Thorns, & more)
The Canadian producer started making music full-time in 2012, when he started studying music at college (jazz drum and classical piano), then university (composition), and he has now finished his master’s degree (conducting). While always exploring new techniques of sound design and arrangement, he developed a very unique sound that can be heard in all his productions.
Stay tuned for what’s to come with Wraz!