---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2F0C20D2FE-F9B8-4AB6-8EF2-ABAC68EDCDFD.png?alt=media&token=b22d6843-af11-494a-8cf6-2e80ecdb1ee6
links: []
---
Psyops is a trio of dashing middle aged men who are most definitely NOT too old for electronic music! This eclectic group consists of an extremely talented rapper (King Benz) and two generic white dudes (Angus and Nate). Their mission is to suckle at the teet of King Benz’ talent, ride his coattails to the top, and take the electronic music scene by storm! In all seriousness though, at the heart of Psyops lies their goal to bring something truly special to the table. Angus brings his DJ skills and scratching expertise, Nate adds his wizardlike production magic, and King Benz brings his electrifying emceeing to the mix. Together, they create a sound that is equal parts multi-genre, with a heavy focus on drum and bass. Psyops is all about party-rocking and creating ear worms, with a twist. They aim to combine the idea of bootlegs with original content from King Benz, providing a unique take on remixing King Benz has coined, “beat flip surgery” . Their live shows are also a theatrical experience, with both Angus and Nate DJing, they can scratch and perform their VIP edits and exclusive dubs in a way that solo DJs can only dream of. Despite being new to the scene as a group, each member is a veteran in their respective field and they're expecting to hit the festival circuit with a bang this summer 2023. King Benz is the undeniable star of the group, with his impressive lyricism, shredded physique, and somehow being both vegan and intimidating! Angus has cool tattoos and an epic beard, while Nate has a pretty serious cardigan collection. Psyops is breaking the mold, pushing boundaries, and creating unforgettable musical experiences. Just don't expect them to have a sense of humor!