---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2FB3FB7CE5-7B1A-4901-B63A-DDB7F108DE82.png?alt=media&token=3d792fa3-cca7-4dba-956d-043e2cfb2149
links:
- url: https://soundcloud.com/xraybreaks
- url: https://youtube.com/@x-rayted5906
- url: https://www.facebook.com/xraytedbreaks
---
X-Ray Ted is a DJ & producer from Bristol, UK, specialising in a unique blend of Party Breaks, Hip Hop, Funk, Disco & Rock. A bona-fide, tried and tested party rocker with the skills to match his selections. His multi-genre DJ sets & cut-and-paste production have gained him support from the likes of BBC Radio 2, BBC 6 Music, international clothing label Superdry; and placed him in the 2019 Redbull 3style UK Finals.In a whirlwind of beats, breaks, and bass, X-Ray Ted gained momentum - playing headline shows across Europe and Canada, alongside performances at almost every UK festival; always paying homage to the original artform of DJing. The seamless blend of heavy hitters, guilty pleasures, classic breaks, and rare grooves is reminiscent of the NY block party vibe; and the addition of turntablist trickery, exclusive remixes, and original production keeps the crowd guessing. Revered among DJs, radio producers, promoters and fans, X-Ray Ted is a sure shot in all fields. In 2021, he collaborated with hip hop legend Nathaniel Hall (aka Afrika Baby Bam of Jungle Brothers) on the single “Get Out The House”, released a chart toppping compilation album including his own original music, and created remixes for the likes of Fort Knox Five, Oh My God! It's The Church, Funkanomics, and more.

His efforts in production have gained him regular radio support from BBC Radio 2, BBC Radio 6Music, and was name checked by Craig Charles as one of [his] favourite DJ's and producers. His cut-and-paste masterpiece Mirror Ballin sold out on wax in a few short days, and is included on Spotify's largest editorial funk playlist – amassing over 1,000,000 total streams. He is also known for the Trunk Of Punk mixtapes on BBC Radio - a series of intricate punk rock DJ mixes.