---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2F5B1AF672-822D-4706-A986-44D26A4AC4F4.png?alt=media&token=f69cff7c-28f3-4ffa-ad06-ea72bd3b7658
links: []
---
A sound design enthusiast, Abstrakt Sonance is a passionate and boundary pushing producer. This shows greatly in his unique, energetic stage show, that cannot be compared on this planet. Touring 4 continents consistantly, sets ever evolving, never even close to the same. With an array of raw energy and emotion, he manages to express deep emotion in his tunes while still delivering raw and powerful bass lines that have been moving dance floors throughout the globe. The impact of Abstrakt Sonance's music has grown exponentially and his tracks can be found in the crates of underground selectors and international headliners alike. Receiving consistent support from dons across the sound spectrum, like Mala, Hatcha, to Downlink and P0gman. In the past couple years he has also headlined top calibre festivals such as Shambhala, Outlook, Bass Coast, Motion Notion, Evolve, Future Forest, and many more.
Abstrakt has managed to retain his individuality while gaining support from artists throughout the bass music spectrum. His unique and powerful sound has captivated listeners everywhere and receives regular spins on BBC Radio1, 1xtra, and Rinse FM. Drawing from a catalog of exclusive dubplates from massive producers across the scene, he not only delivers massive anthems, but also obscure and rare heaters. With a powerful and energetic stage presence, seamless multideck mixing, Abstrakt Sonance's sets are a one of a kind, unforgettable experience, not to be missed.