---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2F1AC8138F-ECF8-49FD-8D77-89A1AF6B07E6.png?alt=media&token=5feeafa5-e652-4abc-bdae-7ac34a0bb30c
links: []
---
Civillian is a DJ of the people. After cementing his reputation as one half of the A/V space trap/halftime duo Gangstronauts, he now has both hands planted firmly on the decks and his ear to the street. He has roots in classic rock and golden era hip-hop that quickly evolved into a deep seated love for bass music. Moving to Vancouver from his hometown of Toronto and being exposed to the sound system culture in B.C. was a huge catalyst for this change. From there his interests shifted heavily towards all spectrums of dance music, from house to jungle and everything in between.

During his many years spent around the electronic music community in the Pacific NorthWest, Civillian became a core member of INEO Studios - a projection mapping and events company based in Vancouver, where he is now the Production Manager and Talent buyer. There is where he began organizing and curating large warehouse parties and VJing throughout the city.

But behind the decks is where Civillian is most at home. With an ever-expanding collection of records, a finely tuned turntablist toolbox, intuitive selections , and precise technical ability, his comfort and excitement while performing is contagious. Combined with chameleon-like versatility in any situation—from living room house parties, to underground warehouse raves, clubs, and big outdoor festivals—he always has what the people want. Be it house, hip hop, trap, or dnb, you can count on Civillian to come correct.