---
imageURL: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com:443/v0/b/festivl.appspot.com/o/userContent%2FFFF37F20-92EF-4677-93C4-86830D0D1B58.png?alt=media&token=4d6eb28c-67d8-43fa-8f39-e4df747066e4
links: []
---
With a love for the underground and an affinity for deep, dark, grimy basslines, J.F.Killah is on a mission to spread her sounds worldwide. On the decks since 2005, she has acquired an arsenal of beats and is armed to destroy any dance floor. Be it sundown or sun-up, festival or club, she will hold you emotionally encapsulated with sounds that resonate within your soul. With classical training on the keys and in music theory, she is able to utilize her understanding of key, emotion, and the power of sound to deliver musically dynamic and powerful performances.

A member of SHAHdjs and Dnb Girls, her junglist roots play a key role in her sets but she plays a variety of genres depending on the time and place. Her relentless skills have earned her slots opening for some of the biggest names in the game including Goldie, S.P.Y., Ivy Lab, Ed Rush & Optical, Delta Heavy, Camo & Krooked, Excision, and Dimond Saints to name a few. J.F.Killah has graced the decks in Europe, New Zealand, United States, Central America and performed at several Canadian festivals including Shambhala, Bass Coast, and Rifflandia. Recently shifting focus to production, she’s been killin’ it in the studio as one half of the production duo Levrige, which has releases on Hospital, Vandal Ltd. Aufect Recordings, The Dreamers, Shadow Trix, East Van Digital and Black Tuna Recordings. Get ready for murdah because the Killah slays it every time!
